[ADD] Inventory: Add reordering rules (#4575)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/management/products/reordering_rules.rst

================
Reordering rules
================

Reordering rules are used to keep forecasted stock levels above a certain threshold without
exceeding an upper limit. This is accomplished by specifying a minimum quantity that stock should
not fall below and a maximum quantity that stock will be replenished up to.

Reordering rules can be configured for each product based on the route used to replenish it. If a
product uses the *Buy* route, then a Request for Quotation (RFQ) will be created when the reordering
rule is triggered. If a product uses the *Manufacture* route, then a Manufacturing Order (MO) will
be created instead. This will be the case for whichever replenishment route is selected.

Configure products for reordering rules
=======================================

In order to use reordering rules for a product, it must first be correctly configured. Begin by
navigating to :guilabel:`Inventory --> Products --> Products`, then select an existing product or
create a new one by clicking :guilabel:`Create`.

> First, on the :guilabel:`General Information` tab, make sure that the :guilabel:`Product Type` is
> set to :guilabel:`Storable Product`. This is necessary because Odoo only tracks stock quantities for
> storable products, and this number is used to trigger reordering rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, on the :guilabel:`General Information` tab, make sure the :guilabel:`Product Type` is set to
:guilabel:`Storable Product`. This is necessary because Odoo only tracks stock quantities for
storable products, and this number is used to trigger reordering rules.
```

.. image:: reordering_rules/product-type.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Set the Product Type as Storable.

Next, click on the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab and select one or more routes from the
:guilabel:`Routes` section. Doing so tells Odoo which route to use to replenish the product.

.. image:: reordering_rules/select-routes.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select one or more routes on the Inventory tab.

If the product will be reordered using the :guilabel:`Buy` route, confirm that the :guilabel:`Can be

> Purchased` checkbox is enabled under the product name. This will make the :guilabel:`Purchase` tab
> appear. Click on the :guilabel:`Purchase` tab and specify at least one vendor and the price that
> they sell the product for, so that Odoo knows which company the product should be purchased from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Purchased` checkbox is enabled under the product name. This makes the :guilabel:`Purchase` tab
appear. Click the :guilabel:`Purchase` tab, and specify at least one vendor, and the price that
they sell the product for, so Odoo knows which company the product should be purchased from.
```

.. image:: reordering_rules/specify-vendor.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Specify a vendor and price on the Purchase tab.

If the product is replenished using the :guilabel:`Manufacture` route, it needs to have at least one
Bill of Materials (BoM) associated with it. This is necessary because Odoo only creates

> Manufacturing Orders for products with a :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`.

Reviewer 2: No caps on _manufacturing orders_
```suggestion
manufacturing orders for products with a :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`.
```

> least one Bill of Materials (BoM) associated with it. This is necessary because Odoo will only
> create Manufacturing Orders for products with a :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
least one Bill of Materials (BoM) associated with it. This is necessary because Odoo only creates
Manufacturing Orders for products with a :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`.
```

> If a :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)` does not already exist for the product, select the
> :guilabel:`Bill of Materials` smart button at the top of the product page, then click
> :guilabel:`Create` to configure a new :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)` does **not** already exist for the product, select the
:guilabel:`Bill of Materials` smart button at the top of the product form, then click
:guilabel:`Create` to configure a new :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`.
```

Reviewer: MENG informed me that we're to use "... form" instead of "page" or "detail form" for any kind of template page. Obviously, keep using page for actual pages (e.g. Settings, Reordering Rules page, etc.) -  just a heads up 👍

> .. image:: reordering_rules/BoM-smart-button.png

Reviewer 2: Image filename– no caps please
```suggestion
.. image:: reordering_rules/bom-smart-button.png
```

   :align: center

>    :alt: The Bill of Materials smart button on a product page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: The Bill of Materials smart button on a product form.
```

> Create a new reordering rule
> ============================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create new reordering rules
===========================
```

> To create a new reordering rule, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration -->
> Reordering Rules`, then click :guilabel:`Create`, and fill out the new line as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new reordering rule, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration -->
Reordering Rules`, then click :guilabel:`Create`, and fill out the new line as follows:
```

> - :guilabel:`Product`: the product that will be replenished by the rule
> - :guilabel:`Location`: the location where the product is stored
> - :guilabel:`Min Quantity`: the minimum quantity that can be forecasted without the rule being
>   triggered; when forecasted stock falls below this number, a replenishment order for the product
>   will be created
> - :guilabel:`Max Quantity`: the maximum quantity that stock will be replenished up to
> - :guilabel:`Multiple Quantity`: specify if the product should be replenished in batches of a
>   certain quantity; for example, a product could be replenished in batches of 20
> - :guilabel:`UoM`: the unit of measure used for reordering the product; this value can simply be
>   `Units` or a specific unit of measurement for weight, length, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Product`: the product that will be replenished by the rule.
- :guilabel:`Location`: the location where the product is stored.
- :guilabel:`Min Quantity`: the minimum quantity that can be forecasted without the rule being
  triggered; when forecasted stock falls below this number, a replenishment order for the product
  is created.
- :guilabel:`Max Quantity`: the maximum quantity that stock will be replenished up to.
- :guilabel:`Multiple Quantity`: specify if the product should be replenished in batches of a
  certain quantity (e.g. a product could be replenished in batches of `20`).
- :guilabel:`UoM`: the unit of measure used for reordering the product. This value can simply be
  `Units` or a specific unit of measurement for weight, length, etc.
```

> .. image:: reordering_rules/reordering-rule-form.png

Reviewer 2: This image is barely legible, can you please re-compress from the original or retake with less width, I dont feel it is necessary to show the entire screen here. Thank you 🙏

   :align: center
   :alt: The form for creating a new reordering rule.

.. tip::

>    Reordering rules can also be created from each product page. To do so, navigate to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Reordering rules can also be created from each product form. To do so, navigate to
```

>    :menuselection:`Inventory --> Products --> Products`, then select a product. Click on
>    :menuselection:`Reordering Rules --> Create`, then fill out the new line as detailed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Products`, then select a product. Click on
   :menuselection:`Reordering Rules --> Create`, then fill out the new line as detailed above.
```

Once a reordering rule has been created for a product, if its forecasted quantity is below the

> rule's *Min Quantity* when the scheduler runs, a replenishment order for the product is
> automatically generated. By default, the scheduler runs once each day.

Reviewer 2: no caps needed here and no italics either
```suggestion
rule's min quantity when the scheduler runs, a replenishment order for the product is automatically
generated. By default, the scheduler runs once each day.
```

> rule's *Min Quantity* when the scheduler runs, a replenishment order for the product will be
> automatically generated. By default, the scheduler runs once each day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rule's *Min Quantity* when the scheduler runs, a replenishment order for the product is
automatically generated. By default, the scheduler runs once each day.
```

.. tip::

>    To manually trigger a reordering rule before the scheduler runs, select :menuselection:`Inventory
>    --> Operations --> Run Scheduler`. Then, select the green :guilabel:`Run Scheduler` button on the
>    pop-up that appears. Be aware that this will also trigger any other scheduled actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To manually trigger a reordering rule before the scheduler runs, select :menuselection:`Inventory
   app --> Operations --> Run Scheduler`. Then, select the green :guilabel:`Run Scheduler` button on
   the pop-up that appears. Be aware, this also triggers any other scheduled actions.
```

> If the :guilabel:`Buy` route is selected, then an :abbr:`RfQ (Request for Quotation)` is generated.

Reviewer 2: Capitalize F to stay consistent with other abbr
```suggestion
If the :guilabel:`Buy` route is selected, then an :abbr:`RFQ (Request for Quotation)` is generated.
```

> If the :guilabel:`Buy` route is selected, then an :abbr:`RfQ (Request for Quotation)` will be
> generated. To view and manage :abbr:`RFQs (Requests for Quotation)`, navigate to
> :menuselection:`Purchase --> Orders --> Requests for Quotation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the :guilabel:`Buy` route is selected, then an :abbr:`RfQ (Request for Quotation)` is generated.
To view and manage :abbr:`RFQs (Requests for Quotation)`, navigate to :menuselection:`Purchase app
--> Orders --> Requests for Quotation`.
```

> If the :guilabel:`Manufacture` route is selected, then an :abbr:`MO (Manufacturing Order)` will be
> generated. To view and manage :abbr:`MOs (Manufacturing Orders)`, navigate to
> :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the :guilabel:`Manufacture` route is selected, then an :abbr:`MO (Manufacturing Order)` is
generated. To view and manage :abbr:`MOs (Manufacturing Orders)`, navigate to
:menuselection:`Manufacturing app --> Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`.
```

> Select a preferred route to use for reordering
> ==============================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set a preferred route for reordering
====================================
```

Odoo allows for multiple routes to be selected under the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab on each product

> page. For instance, it is possible to select both :guilabel:`Buy` and :guilabel:`Manufacture`, thus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
form. For instance, it is possible to select both :guilabel:`Buy` and :guilabel:`Manufacture`, thus
```

enabling the functionality of both routes.

Odoo also enables users to set a preferred route for a product's reordering rule. This is the route

> that the rule defaults to if multiple are selected. To select a preferred route, begin by
> navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Reordering Rules`.

Reviewer 2: Early line break :)
```suggestion
that the rule defaults to if multiple are selected. To select a preferred route, begin by navigating
to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Reordering Rules`.
```

> that the rule will default to if multiple are selected. To select a preferred route, begin by
> navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Reordering Rules`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the rule defaults to, if multiple are selected. To select a preferred route, begin by navigating to
:menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Reordering Rules`.
```

By default, the :guilabel:`Preferred Route` column is hidden on the :guilabel:`Reordering Rules`

> page. Enable it by selecting the three-dot :guilabel:`Options` button on the right side of the page
> and checking the :guilabel:`Preferred Route` checkbox. Doing so reveals the :guilabel:`Preferred
> Route` column.

Reviewer 2: Since there isnt the text "Option" displayed on the UI it is probably best to use the icon instead
```suggestion
page. Enable it by selecting the :guilabel:`⋮ (three-dot)` option button on the right side of the
page and checking the :guilabel:`Preferred Route` checkbox. Doing so reveals the
:guilabel:`Preferred Route` column.
```
Otherwise I'd say this would work too
```suggestion
page. Enable it by selecting the :guilabel:`three-dot` icon on the right side of the page and
checking the :guilabel:`Preferred Route` checkbox. Doing so reveals the :guilabel:`Preferred Route`
column.
```

Click inside of the column on the row of a reordering rule and a drop-down menu shows all available
routes for that rule. Select one to set it as the preferred route.

> .. image:: reordering_rules/select-preferred-route.png

Reviewer 2: This image is also not legible, can you retake/re-compress to be clearer? 🙏

> and checking the :guilabel:`Preferred Route` checkbox.
> 
> The :guilabel:`Preferred Route` column will now appear. Click inside of the column on the row of a
> reordering rule and a :guilabel:`drop-down` will show all available routes for that rule. Select
> one, and it will be set as the preferred route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and checking the :guilabel:`Preferred Route` checkbox. Doing so reveals the :guilabel:`Preferred
Route` column.

Click inside of the column on the row of a reordering rule, and a drop-down menu shows all available
routes for that rule. Select one, and it will be set as the preferred route.
```

   :align: center
   :alt: Select a preferred route from the drop-down.

.. important::

>    If multiple routes are enabled for a product but no preferred route is set for its reordering
>    rule, the product will be reordered using the selected route that is listed first on the Inventory
>    tab of the product page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If multiple routes are enabled for a product, but no preferred route is set for its reordering
   rule, the product is reordered using the selected route listed first on the :guilabel:`Inventory`
   tab of the product form.
```
